today we executed the most elaborate
mission we've ever been all right let me
get you up to speed this is our friend
VC he's one of the kindest most loving
humans we've ever met he's a filmmaker
who travels around the world helping
nonprofits and charities tell their
story be Seesmic dating his girlfriend
Taylor who's also a filmmaker and a
model for about three months now and
they've fallen madly in love since we
cease life is revolving around helping
others today we decided to help him
create the most epic day for his
girlfriend Taylor if you watch our
videos then you already know there's a
catch we wanted her to have no idea that
we had anything to do with all the
amazing surprises she would encounter
that day but to make this a smooth
operation we would need to be one step
ahead of her the whole day so we asked
our friends of the location sharing
absently that we all use if they could
help us out and they answered hell yeah
we got in touch with Taylor's roommate
Nicole will be with Taylor throughout
the day unsuspectedly vlogging and
capturing Taylor's reactions up close
while we'll be filming from far
Nicole NMR shared each other's real-time
location on Bentley and our plan was in
motion well going to the best boyfriend
ever
[Music]
what all right so right now we're on our
way to Santa Monica which seems to be
where Nicole is headed to like we are
going to beat her there so per usual
we're hungry and we're shooting so we're
looking for an awesome I Eve old place
but along the way we're going to stop
and shoot and we just stopped you with
Ilan Nicole and Taylor are one block
away they're heading this way here is
going to bright yellow so it's like a
gift card and when you find a stranger
to give it to her she's looking so cute
today she's like this yellow top on
she's so beautiful
trying to get cards right now yeah
that's good okay they're coming close
but don't get it early again thank you
so much so there's a gift card just $30
on it and you say hey I have an extra
gift card for Whole Foods $30 oldest
boys for you so they're walking down the
street right now already so actually if
you want to go down the street she's
wearing a yellow bright yellow top if
they're on the corner I can run be like
hey I may give her a compliment or
anything or yeah I love that yellow top
and then pulled out you paw here you go
here's something else yeah yeah oh you
see how fit nothing she's right there
she's right there hey Jack thank you so
much okay
literally this never happened to you
freely so we're going to go get some
food for ourselves and then we're going
to pay this forward and find sonal
so some stranger gave her gift card
you're saying hey I like your outfit I
have an extra gift card and ours going
to have someone random give her flowers
just for fun this is phase two phase one
was a little chopping hopefully place
two will go a little bit better I can't
breathe Dakota is Taylor's best friend
ever for like six years for my daughter
Khloe has no idea that she's about to
see him too so this is going to be
really dope see me like tons of emotions
abroad it'd be kind of crazy don't know
what to happen yeah there's the Whole
Foods enjoy the foods look at how good
this was perfect
yes the Nicole just message me on Emily
and said looks like your phone's going
to die you damn book percent battery
percentage triggers a she's at 72% I'm
at 14 i price you try to thumb towards
it will be good why are you thinking oh
I'm 27 responses ok where are the rest
checking up we'll share oh are you
getting with your own will for right now
please stop shooting for shopping good
let's go down this way yes we're good
we're good we're good we're good but now
we're just going to find someone to give
the flowers your liver yeah sure why do
you want to help us with an operation
okay we've had a girlfriend with almost
we'd you know if it was a shame but you
guys have to be totally cool like hey
we're doing a school project called
random acts of kindness and we just
wanted to give you some flower and so
it's like surpriser
and giving strangers like flowers and
undefined exactly
we will just open their bags without
communicating one word we all just want
like going the other way
yeah yeah just walking that way okay
we're good they're just ahead of us like
down the street so now it's recording
and you can just take a recording is
giving out rooms and I say
yeah the girls are given them hours so
they're smiling my name is Katie they're
going to this side so we have to like go
reconnaissance plank I left like left
this way boom back where those motorhome
plank Alex I know what I'm doing plank
now you hook to the right I'll go up to
the middle gd6 holding position over
straight up to the harm quickly take
your men on the banking mission around
the village and attack it from the red
something's up too cute little girl just
be miss flowers for that I love roses we
want someone to give her like a $500
gift card bizarre once you come around
where yellow the ones that I chose you
it's a dress no yeah it's not hot like a
little go get it go go go to 500 Cameron
500 gift card let's keep like so right
there in my yellow shirt like walk
around don't know why they're going in
they're going in I'll decide
Oh
[Applause]
thank you oh my gosh thank you guys
[Music]
there's no way should we go esacash here
can we check the balance on this part
[Music]
you gotta get really hot alright so we
are now on phase for the world's
greatest lift ride of all time with
Brenda Taylor's favorite little snackage
macaroni she loves them got a whole bag
of lyft drivers sometimes give you water
but he's uh he's not an average looked
after he's done with traffic
he had the Rolls Royce and as they're
driving he's like oh yeah by the way
have some snacks you have bought some
freaking macarons from London Eye boom
so like why I actually did used to drive
for lyft when I moved to LA I had no
means of making money sort of a
nostalgic moments instant number to be
enough
[Music]
Oh casual and alright what's happening
you have a really nice car
somebody rear-ended me and my insurance
company gave me a lot of money to rent a
car for a few days so I figured that
drive lift and make a little video we
get people's reactions of getting picked
up in a Rolls Royce
oh my god something is happening also I
mean I have snacks if you guys want and
I have macaroon because I was being
taken there it's fantastic I love it I
love it
thank you I don't know what's happening
there's something now did the week the
greatest day ever
I'm busy with gender another all right
so we'll just clean it up a little bit
son you're ready what you do is we fell
on my own choice in the clubhouse
we uh we lost looking for their good
today moving they're moving for the
analyst oh crap they're close by
actually a Mars like right behind them
they're down the street from us yeah
there's literally four blocks away okay
so if a design is about to go down
puppies find puppy face they survive if
you look at the puppies you understand
why
thundering check it out right here final
steps of the operation final steps we're
almost there and it's ahead so far has
done perfectly well so it's not jinx it
until his best friend and I'm just going
to show up as icing on the cake I'm not
going to surprise Kaler with a whole box
of puppies I'm just going to step out no
I'll do it out of it after that the code
is going to give her the phone and he's
going to say somebody wants to talk to
you this'll Elsa change
they're at the wall there the one right
now yeah yeah yeah all right there
though right out like us are you okay
it's all right good luck today
get a basket of puppies
excuse me hi I have a few puppies I'm
babysitting right now I got to feed the
meter
why just watching my puppy forcing me
I'll be right back you know someone just
asked us to babysit them oh she's right
there Dakota is ready right there this
is one of the most stressful things I've
been here for five minutes I'm freaking
out like this the whole day non-stop
right BC so I have you on phone I'm
going to walk up to Taylor now and give
her the phone and that someone wants to
talk to you then we're ready yeah I make
surprise
[Music]
yeah yeah like an app on your phone
chill out you open it oh my crying can I
ring the puppy we're so close Oh Tina
[Music]
now it were the best elaborate
well-put-together surprise everything my
life well done super gardener
[Music]
it's so funny to see you guys here to me
it was no place is smooth Evie pretty
quick I'm blessed and rising
don't go